Reformat XLS-65 specification (#463)
XRPLF/XRPL-Standards: XLS-0065-single-asset-vault/README.md

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be Final now?

Author: Not yet, I'd like to include the fix amendment changes before marking it as Final.

  category: Amendment
  requires: [XLS-33](../XLS-0033-multi-purpose-tokens/README.md)
  created: 2024-04-12
  updated: 2026-02-11
</pre>

# Single Asset Vault

## 1. Abstract

> A Single Asset Vault is a new on-chain primitive for aggregating assets from one or more depositors, and making the assets available for other on-chain protocols. The Single Asset Vault uses [Multi-Purpose-Token](https://github.com/XRPLF/XRPL-Standards/tree/master/XLS-0033-multi-purpose-tokens) to represent ownership shares of the Vault. The Vault serves diverse purposes, such as lending markets, aggregators, yield-bearing tokens, asset management, etc. The Single Asset Vault decouples the liquidity provision functionality from the specific protocol logic.

Author: Out of scope, as these were fixed in lending protocol.

### 2.1 Terminology

- **Vault**: A ledger entry for aggregating liquidity and providing this liquidity to one or more accessors.
- **Asset**: The currency of a vault. It is either XRP, a [Fungible Token](https://xrpl.org/docs/concepts/tokens/fungible-tokens/) or a [Multi-Purpose Token](https://github.com/XRPLF/XRPL-Standards/tree/master/XLS-0033-multi-purpose-tokens).
- **Share**: Shares represent the depositors' portion of the vault's assets. Shares are a [Multi-Purpose Token](https://github.com/XRPLF/XRPL-Standards/tree/master/XLS-0033-multi-purpose-tokens) created by the _pseudo-account_ of the vault.

### 2.2 Actors

- **Vault Owner**: An account responsible for creating and deleting The Vault.
- **Depositor**: An entity that deposits and withdraws assets to and from the vault.

### 2.3 Connecting to the Vault

A protocol connecting to a Vault must track its debt. Furthermore, the updates to the Vault state when funds are removed or added back must be handled in the transactors of the protocol. For an example, please refer to the [Lending Protocol](https://github.com/XRPLF/XRPL-Standards/discussions/190) specification.

> ## 3. Specification

Author: I don't see what to fix here. `Specification` is a mandated section in the `XLS_TEMPLATE.md`

###### 3.1.6.1.3 `MPT`

When a vault holds `MPT`, its `Scale` is fixed at **0**. This creates a 1-to-1 relationship between deposited MPT units and the shares issued (for example, depositing 10 MPTs to an empty Vault issues 10 shares). The value of a single MPT is determined at the issuer's discretion. If an MPT is set to represent a large value, the vault owner and the depositor must be cautious. Since only whole MPT units are used in calculations, any value that is not a multiple of a single MPT's value may be lost due to rounding during a transaction.

##### 3.1.6.2 `MPTokenIssuance`

The `MPTokenIssuance` object represents the share on the ledger. It is created and deleted together with the `Vault` object.

###### 3.1.6.2.1 `MPTokenIssuance` Values

Here's the table with the headings "Field," "Description," and "Value":

| **Field**         | **Description**                                                                                                                 | **Value**            |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- |

> | `Issuer`          | The ACCOUNTID of the Vault's _pseudo-account_.                                                                                  | _pseudo-account_ ID  |

Reviewer: I think the regular capitalization is more readable and the all-caps is used only because that's how it's specified in rippled, which is too tied to implementation.

> | `Issuer`          | The ACCOUNTID of the Vault's _pseudo-account_.                                                                                  | _pseudo-account_ ID  |

Author: Okay, changed capitalisation to `AccountID`.

- **Share**: Shares represent the depositors' portion of the vault's assets. Shares are a [Multi-Purpose Token](../XLS-0033-multi-purpose-tokens/README.md) created by the _pseudo-account_ of the vault.

### 2.6. Actors

- **Vault Owner**: An account responsible for creating and deleting The Vault.
- **Depositor**: An entity that deposits and withdraws assets to and from the vault.

### 2.7. Connecting to the Vault

A protocol connecting to a Vault must track its debt. Furthermore, the updates to the Vault state when funds are removed or added back must be handled in the transactors of the protocol. For an example, please refer to the [Lending Protocol](../XLS-0066-lending-protocol/README.md) specification.

## 3. Specification

### 3.1 Ledger Entry: `Vault`

The **`Vault`** ledger entry describes the state of the tokenized vault.

#### 3.1.1 Object Identifier

The key of the `Vault` object is the result of [`SHA512-Half`](https://xrpl.org/docs/references/protocol/data-types/basic-data-types/#hashes) of the following values concatenated in order:

- The `Vault` space key `0x0056` (capital V)

> - The [`ACCOUNTID`](https://xrpl.org/docs/references/protocol/binary-format/#accountid-fields) of the account submitting the `VaultSet`transaction, i.e.`VaultOwner`.

Reviewer: Case should be changed back here too

###### 3.1.6.1.2 `XRP`

When a vault holds **`XRP`**, the `Scale` is fixed at **0**. This aligns with XRP's native structure, where one share represents one drop (the smallest unit of XRP), and one XRP equals 1,000,000 drops. Therefore, a deposit of 10 XRP to an empty Vault will result in the issuance of 10,000,000 shares ($10 \times 10^6$).

###### 3.1.6.1.3 `MPT`

When a vault holds `MPT`, its `Scale` is fixed at **0**. This creates a 1-to-1 relationship between deposited MPT units and the shares issued (for example, depositing 10 MPTs to an empty Vault issues 10 shares). The value of a single MPT is determined at the issuer's discretion. If an MPT is set to represent a large value, the vault owner and the depositor must be cautious. Since only whole MPT units are used in calculations, any value that is not a multiple of a single MPT's value may be lost due to rounding during a transaction.

##### 3.1.6.2 `MPTokenIssuance`

The `MPTokenIssuance` object represents the share on the ledger. It is created and deleted together with the `Vault` object.

###### 3.1.6.2.1 `MPTokenIssuance` Values

> Here's the table with the headings "Field," "Description," and "Value":

Reviewer: AI artifact?

Author: Indeed!

To account for this problem, the Vault must use two different exchange rate models: one for depositing assets and one for withdrawing them.

##### 3.1.7.2 Exchange Rate Algorithms

This section details the algorithms used to calculate the exchange between assets and shares for deposits, redemptions, and withdrawals.

> ##### Key Variables

Reviewer: This should have a numbering

Author: I replaced the heading with a sentence.

$$\Delta_{assets'} = \frac{\Delta_{shares} \times \Gamma_{assets}}{\Gamma_{shares}}$$

> ##### Vault State Update

Reviewer: This needs a number

###### 3.1.7.3.1 `first-come-first-serve`

The First Come, First Serve strategy treats all requests equally, allowing a depositor to redeem any amount of assets provided they have a sufficient number of shares.

#### 3.1.8 Frozen Assets

The issuer of the Vaults asset may enact a freeze either through a [Global Freeze](https://xrpl.org/docs/concepts/tokens/fungible-tokens/freezes/#global-freeze) for IOUs or [locking MPT](../XLS-0033-multi-purpose-tokens/README.md#21122-flags). When the vaults asset is frozen, it can only be withdrawn by specifying the `Destination` account as the `Issuer` of the asset. Similarly, a frozen asset _may not_ be deposited into a vault. Furthermore, when the asset of a vault is frozen, the shares corresponding to the asset may not be transferred.

#### 3.1.9 Transfer Fees

The Vault does not apply the [Transfer Fee](https://xrpl.org/docs/concepts/tokens/transfer-fees) to `VaultDeposit` and `VaultWithdraw` transactions. Furthermore, whenever a protocol moves assets from or to a Vault, the `Transfer Fee` must not be charged.

#### 3.1.10 Invariants

**TBD**

### 3.2 Transaction: `VaultCreate`

> All transactions introduced by this proposal incorporate the [common transaction fields](https://xrpl.org/docs/references/protocol/transactions/common-fields) that are shared by all transactions. Standard fields are only documented in this proposal if needed because this proposal introduces new possible values for such fields.

Reviewer: Is this paragraph still needed?

Author: Removed.

| `Data`             |    No    |      `string`      |    `BLOB`     |                          | Arbitrary Vault metadata, limited to 256 bytes.                                                                                                        |
| `Asset`            |   Yes    | `string or object` |    `ISSUE`    |          `N/A`           | The asset (`XRP`, `IOU` or `MPT`) of the Vault.                                                                                                        |
| `AssetsMaximum`    |    No    |      `number`      |   `NUMBER`    |            0             | The maximum asset amount that can be held in a vault.                                                                                                  |
| `MPTokenMetadata`  |    No    |      `string`      |    `BLOB`     |                          | Arbitrary metadata about the share `MPT`, in hex format, limited to 1024 bytes.                                                                        |

> | `WithdrawalPolicy` |    No    |      `number`      |    `UINT8`    | `strFirstComeFirstServe` | Indicates the withdrawal strategy used by the Vault.                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: This may be easier to read:
```suggestion
| `WithdrawalPolicy` |    No    |      `number`      |    `UINT8`    | `"FirstComeFirstServe"` | Indicates the withdrawal strategy used by the Vault.                                                                                                   |
```

| `tfVaultShareNonTransferable` | `0x00020000` | Indicates the vault share is non-transferable. It can only be set during Vault creation. |

##### 3.2.3 WithdrawalPolicy

The type indicates the withdrawal strategy supported by the vault. The following values are supported:

| Strategy Name                      |  Value   |                        Description                        |
| ---------------------------------- | :------: | :-------------------------------------------------------: |
| `vaultStrategyFirstComeFirstServe` | `0x0001` | Requests are processed on a first-come-first-serve basis. |

#### 3.2.4 Transaction Fees

The transaction creates an `AccountRoot` object for the `_pseudo-account_`. Therefore, the transaction [must destroy](../XLS-0064-pseudo-account/README.md) one incremental owner reserve amount.

#### 3.2.5 Failure Conditions

##### 3.2.5.1 Data Verification

_TBD_

##### 3.2.5.2 Protocol-Level Failures

1. The `Asset` is `XRP`:
   1. The `Scale` parameter is provided.

2. The `Asset` is `MPT`:
   1. The `Scale` parameter is provided.
   2. The `lsfMPTCanTransfer` is not set in the `MPTokenIssuance` object. (the asset is not transferable).

>    3. The `lsfMPTLocked` flag is set in the `MPTokenIssuance` object. (the asset is locked).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. The `lsfMPTCanTransfer` is not set in the `MPTokenIssuance` object (the asset is not transferable).
   3. The `lsfMPTLocked` flag is set in the `MPTokenIssuance` object (the asset is locked).
```

3. The `Asset` is an `IOU`:
   1. The `lsfGlobalFreeze` flag is set on the issuing account (the asset is frozen).
   2. The `Scale` parameter is provided, and is less than **0** or greater than **18**.

> 4. The `tfVaultPrivate` flag is not set and the `DomainID` is provided. (The VaultOwner is attempting to create a public Vault with a PermissionedDomain)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The `tfVaultPrivate` flag is not set and the `DomainID` is provided (the Vault Owner is attempting to create a public Vault with a PermissionedDomain)
```

5. The `PermissionedDomain` object does not exist with the provided `DomainID`.

6. The `Data` field is larger than 256 bytes.

> 7. The account submiting the transaction has insufficient `AccountRoot.Balance` for the Owner Reserve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. The account submitting the transaction has insufficient `AccountRoot.Balance` for the Owner Reserve.
```

#### 3.2.6 State Changes

1. Create a new `Vault` ledger object.

> 2. Create a new `MPTokenIssuance` ledger object for the vault shares.

Reviewer: Section 2.1.1 takes a little bit of thinking to reason through, here is my suggestion:
```suggestion
2. Create a new `MPTokenIssuance` ledger object for the vault shares, and assign its MPTID to `Vault.ShareMPTID`.
```

| `Data`            |    No    | `string`  |    `BLOB`     |               | Arbitrary Vault metadata, limited to 256 bytes.                                                                                         |
| `AssetsMaximum`   |    No    | `number`  |   `NUMBER`    |               | The maximum asset amount that can be held in a vault. The value cannot be lower than the current `AssetsTotal` unless the value is `0`. |
| `DomainID`        |    No    | `string`  |   `HASH256`   |               | The `PermissionedDomain` object ID associated with the shares of this Vault.                                                            |

#### 3.3.2 Failure Conditions

##### 3.3.2.1 Data Verification

_TBD_

##### 3.3.2.2 Protocol-Level Failures

1. `Vault` object with the specified `VaultID` does not exist on the ledger.
2. The submitting account is not the `Owner` of the vault.
3. The `Data` field is larger than 256 bytes.
4. If `Vault.AssetsMaximum` > `0` AND `AssetsMaximum` > 0 AND:

>    1. The `AssetsMaximum` < `Vault.AssetsTotal` (new `AssetsMaximum` cannot be lower than the current `AssetsTotal`).

Reviewer: This is a little confusing to read:
```suggestion
4. If `Vault.AssetsMaximum` > `0` AND `tx.AssetsMaximum` > 0 AND:
   1. The `tx.AssetsMaximum` < `Vault.AssetsTotal` (new `tx.AssetsMaximum` cannot be lower than the current `AssetsTotal`).
```

### 3.5 Transaction: `VaultDeposit`

The `VaultDeposit` transaction adds Liqudity in exchange for vault shares.

#### 3.5.1 Fields

| Field Name        | Required |      JSON Type       | Internal Type | Default Value | Description                                            |
| ----------------- | :------: | :------------------: | :-----------: | :-----------: | :----------------------------------------------------- |
| `TransactionType` |   Yes    |       `string`       |   `UINT16`    |     `61`      | Transaction type.                                      |
| `VaultID`         |   Yes    |       `string`       |   `HASH256`   |     `N/A`     | The ID of the vault to which the assets are deposited. |
| `Amount`          |   Yes    | `string` or `object` |  `STAmount`   |     `N/A`     | Asset amount to deposit.                               |

#### 3.5.2 Failure Conditions

##### 3.5.2.1 Data Verification

_None._

##### 3.5.2.2 Protocol-Level Failures

1. `Vault` object with the `VaultID` does not exist on the ledger.
2. The asset type of the vault does not match the asset type the depositor is depositing.
3. The depositor does not have sufficient funds to make a deposit.

> 4. Adding the `Amount` to the `AssetsTotal` of the vault would exceed the `AssetsMaximum`.

Reviewer: reword suggestion:
```suggestion
4. Adding the `Amount` to `Vault.AssetsTotal` would exceed `Vault.AssetsMaximum`.
```

> 5. The `Vault` `lsfVaultPrivate` flag is set and the `Account` depositing the assets does not have credentials in the permissioned domain of the share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The `Vault` `lsfVaultPrivate` flag is set and the `Account` depositing the assets is not a member of the `MPTokenIssuance(Vault.ShareMPTID).DomainID` permissioned domain.
```

| `Data`             |    No    |      `string`      |    `BLOB`     |                          | Arbitrary Vault metadata, limited to 256 bytes.                                                                                                        |
| `Asset`            |   Yes    | `string or object` |    `ISSUE`    |          `N/A`           | The asset (`XRP`, `IOU` or `MPT`) of the Vault.                                                                                                        |
| `AssetsMaximum`    |    No    |      `number`      |   `NUMBER`    |            0             | The maximum asset amount that can be held in a vault.                                                                                                  |
| `MPTokenMetadata`  |    No    |      `string`      |    `BLOB`     |                          | Arbitrary metadata about the share `MPT`, in hex format, limited to 1024 bytes.                                                                        |

> | `WithdrawalPolicy` |    No    |      `number`      |    `UINT8`    | `strFirstComeFirstServe` | Indicates the withdrawal strategy used by the Vault.                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: Is there supposed to be a `str` prefix?

Author: We're not making functional changes in this PR.

- $\Delta_{asset}$ - the change in the total amount of assets after a deposit, withdrawal, or redemption.
- $\Delta_{share}$ - che change in the total amount of shares after a deposit, withdrawal, or redemption.

#### 3.6.2 Failure Conditions

##### 3.6.2.1 Data Verification

_None._

##### 3.6.2.2 Protocol-Level Failures

> 1. `Vault` object with the `VaultID` does not exist on the ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `Vault` object corresponding to the `VaultID` field does not exist on the ledger.
```

> 2. The `Vault.Asset` is `MPT`:

Reviewer: Can we be consistent about whether these sections start with `If` or not?

Author: Added `if` where needed.

   1. `MPTokenIssuance.lsfMPTCanTransfer` is not set (the asset is not transferable).
   2. `MPTokenIssuance.lsfMPTLocked` flag is set (the asset is globally locked).
   3. `MPToken(MPTokenIssuanceID, AccountID | Destination).lsfMPTLocked` flag is set (the asset is locked for the depositor or the destination).

3. The `Asset` is an `IOU`:
   1. The `lsfGlobalFreeze` flag is set on the issuing account (the asset is frozen).
   2. The `lsfHighFreeze` or `lsfLowFreeze` flag is set on the `RippleState` object between the Asset `Issuer` and the `AccountRoot` of the `AccountID` or the `Destination`.

4. The unit of `Amount` is not shares of the vault.

> 5. The unit of `Amount` is not asset of the vault.

Reviewer: Aren't these mutually exclusive?

Author: They're not. The two failures read as: "The Amount must be either the share or the asset of the Vault". 

I combined the two into one to improve readability.

6. There is insufficient liquidity in the vault to fill the request:

>    1. If `Amount` is the vaults share:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. If `Amount` is the vault's share:
```

      1. `MPTokenIssuance(Vault.ShareMPTID).OutstandingAmount` < `Amount` (attempt to withdraw more shares than there are in total).
      2. The shares `MPToken.MPTAmount` of the `Account` is less than `Amount` (attempt to withdraw more shares than owned).
      3. `Vault.AssetsAvailable` < $\Delta_{asset}$ (the vault has insufficient assets).

>    2. If `Amount` is the vaults asset:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. If `Amount` is the vault's asset:
```

      1. The shares `MPToken.MPTAmount` of the `Account` is less than $\Delta_{share}$ (attempt to withdraw more shares than owned).
      2. `Vault.AssetsAvailable` < `Amount` (the vault has insufficient assets).

7. The `Destination` account is specified:
   1. The account does not have permission to receive the asset.
   2. The account does not have a `RippleState` or `MPToken` object for the asset.

#### 3.6.3 State Changes

1. If the `Vault.Asset` is XRP:
   1. Decrease the `Balance` field of _pseudo-account_ `AccountRoot` by $\Delta_{asset}$.
   2. Increase the `Balance` field of the depositor `AccountRoot` by $\Delta_{asset}$.

2. If the `Vault.Asset` is an `IOU`:

>    1. If the Depositor account does not have a `RippleState` object for the Vaults Asset, create the `RippleState` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. If the Depositor account does not have a `RippleState` object for the Vault's Asset, create the `RippleState` object.
```

   2. Decrease the `RippleState` balance between the _pseudo-account_ `AccountRoot` and the `Issuer` `AccountRoot` by $\Delta_{asset}$.
   3. Increase the `RippleState` balance between the depositor `AccountRoot` and the `Issuer` `AccountRoot` by $\Delta_{asset}$.

3. If the `Vault.Asset` is an `MPT`:

>    1. If the Depositor account does not have a `MPToken` object for the Vaults Asset, create the `MPToken` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. If the Depositor account does not have a `MPToken` object for the Vault's Asset, create the `MPToken` object.
```

   3. If the `MPTokenIssuance.lsfMPTCanLock` flag is NOT set (the asset cannot be locked).

5. The `MPToken` object for the `Vault.ShareMPTID` of the `Holder` `AccountRoot` does not exist OR `MPToken.MPTAmount == 0`.

#### 3.7.3 State Changes

1. If the `Vault.Asset` is an `IOU`:
   1. Decrease the `RippleState` balance between the _pseudo-account_ `AccountRoot` and the `Issuer` `AccountRoot` by `min(Vault.AssetsAvailable`, $\Delta_{asset}$`)`.

2. If the `Vault.Asset` is an `MPT`:
   1. Decrease the `MPToken.MPTAmount` by `min(Vault.AssetsAvailable`, $\Delta_{asset}$`)` of the _pseudo-account_ `MPToken` object for the `Vault.Asset`.

3. Update the `MPToken` object for the `Vault.ShareMPTID` of the depositor `AccountRoot`:
   1. Decrease the `MPToken.MPTAmount` by $\Delta_{share}$.
   2. If `MPToken.MPTAmount == 0`, delete the object.

4. Update the `MPTokenIssuance` object for the `Vault.ShareMPTID`:
   1. Decrease the `OutstandingAmount` field of the share `MPTokenIssuance` object by $\Delta_{share}$.

5. Decrease the `AssetsTotal` and `AssetsAvailable` by `min(Vault.AssetsAvailable`, $\Delta_{asset}$`)`

#### 3.7.4 Invariants

**TBD**

### 3.8 Transaction: `Payment`

> The Single Asset Vault does not introduce new `Payment` transaction fields. However, it adds additional failure conditions and state changes when transfering Vault shares.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Single Asset Vault does not introduce new `Payment` transaction fields. However, it adds additional failure conditions and state changes when transferring Vault shares.
```

#### 3.8.1 Fields

The Single Asset Vault does not introduce or modify any `Payment` transaction fields. Refer to the existing [Payment transaction fields](https://xrpl.org/docs/references/protocol/transactions/types/payment).

#### 3.8.2 Failure Conditions

##### 3.8.2.1 Data Verification

_None._

##### 3.8.2.2 Protocol-Level Failures

1. If `Payment.Amount` is a `Vault` share AND:

>    1. The `Vault` `lsfVaultPrivate` flag is set and the `Payment.Destination` account does not have credentials in the permissioned domain of the Vaults Share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. The `Vault` `lsfVaultPrivate` flag is set and the `Payment.Destination` account is not a member of the permissioned domain specified at `MPTokenIssuance(Vault.ShareMPTID).DomainID`.
```

      3. `MPToken(MPTokenIssuanceID, AccountID).lsfMPTLocked` flag is set (the asset is locked for the payer).
      4. `MPToken(MPTokenIssuanceID, AccountID).lsfMPTLocked` flag is set (the asset is locked for the `pseudo-account`).
      5. `MPToken(MPTokenIssuanceID, Destination).lsfMPTLocked` flag is set (the asset is locked for the destination account).

   4. The `Vault.Asset` is an `IOU`:
      1. The `lsfGlobalFreeze` flag is set on the issuing account (the asset is frozen).
      2. The `lsfHighFreeze` or `lsfLowFreeze` flag is set on the `RippleState` object between the Asset `Issuer` and the payer account.
      3. The `lsfHighFreeze` or `lsfLowFreeze` flag is set on the `RippleState` object between the Asset `Issuer` and the destination account.
      4. The `lsfHighFreeze` or `lsfLowFreeze` flag is set on the `RippleState` object between the Asset `Issuer` and the `pseudo-account`.

#### 3.8.3 State Changes

1. If `MPToken`object for shares does not exist for the destination account, create one.

### 3.9 RPC: `vault_info`

This RPC retrieves the Vault ledger entry and the IDs associated with it.

#### 3.9.1 Request Fields

> We propose adding the following fields to the `ledger_entry` method:

Reviewer: This isn't `ledger_entry`, this is `vault_info`. Also, specs shouldn't use `we propose` language.

Author: Thanks! Removed the line.

### 8.1 Fields

| Field Name        | Required | JSON Type | Internal Type | Default Value | Description                                                                                                    |
| ----------------- | :------: | :-------: | :-----------: | :-----------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `TransactionType` |   Yes    | `string`  |   `UINT16`    |     `63`      | Transaction type.                                                                                              |
| `VaultID`         |   Yes    | `string`  |   `HASH256`   |     `N/A`     | The ID of the vault from which assets are withdrawn.                                                           |
| `Holder`          |   Yes    | `string`  |  `AccountID`  |     `N/A`     | The account ID from which to clawback the assets.                                                              |
| `Amount`          |    No    | `number`  |   `NUMBER`    |       0       | The asset amount to clawback. When Amount is `0` clawback all funds, up to the total shares the `Holder` owns. |

> ### 8.2 Failure conditions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 8.2 Failure Conditions
```
Ditto everywhere else
